well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about two
small changes
that could be made up on capitol hill
that would forever alter the american
political landscape
most importantly it would make it easier
for employers to review the performance
of their employees
employers being you employees
being those people we send up to dc
because you have two things that are
just accepted
it's the way they've always been done
that occur on a pretty regular basis
that really undermine the ideals of a
representative democracy
and right now they both involve senator
mitch mcconnell
see two things are going on at the same
time one you have the stimulus
negotiations
and the other is that you had the house
pass a bill on decriminalization and
it's pretty likely that mcconnell's just
going to do nothing with it
and let it go stale let it go away
these are both pretty normal things we
see it all the time
however slight tweaks in the way these
things get done
would make our representatives more
accountable
they're not rulers their employees
so with the bill it would be
a pretty simple task to make sure that
any bill
that gets passed by one chamber of the
house has to be voted on
by the other as it stands right now you
have mitch mcconnell
a person who is very secure in their
reelection
capable of shielding the rest of his
party
from any scrutiny
see he can hold this bill up and it just
dies it just goes away
which means the rest of the country
doesn't get to know how their senator
would have voted on it
we can't hold him accountable because
they can always blame mcconnell
oh that wasn't me i would have voted for
it
i would have done something the
overwhelming majority of americans want
done
but you know senate majority leader
mcconnell wouldn't let me
and they get off the hook we can't
review their performance we can't hold
them accountable
the other is these negotiations done
in secret no one else is in the room
where it happens right
it's a facet of american politics that
needs to go away
we see it all the time representatives
from two opposing parties walk into a
room
the negotiations fail they walk out and
blame each other televise them
don't let them be done in secret show us
how the sausage is made
show us what happens then they wouldn't
be able to pull that game
they wouldn't be able to blame each
other we would get to see it happen
now this has been proposed before and
the standard answer to this to those who
don't want to do it because they don't
want any accountability is that well
the deals would just get made somewhere
else and then they put on a show for the
camera
and yeah that would probably happen a
few times
until the very first time somebody
agreed to something
in one of those back room deals in
principle and then got in front of the
cameras
and didn't agree to it and then the
negotiations start for real
once that happens once politicians won't
trust that backdoor method
they won't put any faith in it they
certainly wouldn't stake their political
careers on it
it's accountability important concept
when you're talking about representative
democracy
right now it's very hard to hold them
accountable
these two small changes if something is
passed in one chamber it has to be voted
on in the other
and televising all negotiations between
parties
live streaming them that would forever
alter
american politics and it would make our
politicians more accountable
and then it would be up to the employers
to hold them accountable
right now there is no way for us to do
this we can't hold politicians
accountable
however we can hold mitch mcconnell
right now he has all of this power one
person
is able to subvert the will of the
american people
because he's the senate majority leader
and there's a way to change that
i'm looking at you georgia
if that happens and the democratic party
gets control of the house and the senate
this should be one of the first changes
to the rules they make
if we want a representative democracy
and people keep talking about how
democracy's being undermined
because it is right now maybe we should
make it a little more resilient
make people a little bit more
accountable for their actions
this would be a way to do it and i'd
find it hard to believe that the party
of personal responsibility
would be too stiff in their opposition
to this
would be a bad move politically for them
they always
want employers to be able to fire their
employees it will
they just want to shield themselves from
that because they don't view themselves
as your employees
they view themselves as your rulers and
because we can't hold them accountable
they kind of are anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day